{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red255\green253\blue241;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6667\c6667\c6667;\cssrgb\c100000\c99216\c95686;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh16680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa215\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 these are my people and i carry them.\cb1 \
\cb3 /\cb1 \
\cb3 my grandmother\'92s long braid is\cb1 \
\cb3 weaved with the karma of an angel,\cb1 \
\cb3 twisted in a bun, hiding her gray marks of wisdom.\cb1 \
\cb3 her pale dress is adorned with half-scrubbed splotches\cb1 \
\cb3 of the early mornings and endless days but\cb1 \
\cb3 only the brightly sewn stitches are seen and they scream \'93housewife\'94,\cb1 \
\cb3 as the cracks on her hands and feet whisper \'93superhero\'94.\cb1 \
\cb3 i carry her tissues in my pockets.\cb1 \
\cb3 /\cb1 \
\cb3 i carry my aunty\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 whose checks are inscribed with her own name and\cb1 \
\cb3 her smile shines from nine to five\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 but fades with a footstep into her home\cb1 \
\cb3 as her husband\'92s family pesters her,\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 for women should cook, should clean, should care\cb1 \
\cb3 should never be elsewhere,\cb1 \
\cb3 i carry her like an unlucky buy one get one free sale.\cb1 \
\cb3 /\cb1 \
\cb3 my cousin boasts her i heart la shirt\cb1 \
\cb3 her saree a roadblock\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 to a life of pants and promises of the american dream.\cb1 \
\cb3 her big headphones cancel the noises of her heritage as\cb1 \
\cb3 she sings along to taylor swift in her broken english,\cb1 \
\cb3 forever chasing that accented assimilation.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 but a flock of aunties and uncles brighten the streets\cb1 \
\cb3 their constant \'93kids these days\'94 a crumbling complaint so instead: they sing.\cb1 \
\cb3 i carry them, their voices kindling the hearth of heritage in my heart.\cb1 \
\cb3 /\cb1 \
\cb3 our children hold up their candle-lit households\cb1 \
\cb3 with one trembling hand\cb1 \
\cb3 as the other frantically tries to transfer\cb1 \
\cb3 words from the book to the paper,\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 paper to their brain\cb1 \
\cb3 these exams are their only chance, their final hope\cb1 \
\cb3 for money, for success. for escape.\cb1 \
\cb3 i carry them like a reminder of what might\'92ve been.\cb1 \
\cb3 /\cb1 \
\cb3 the dogs forage the depths of the dumps of my land\cb1 \
\cb3 their boisterous barks only ever met with blank stares and harsh glares,\cb1 \
\cb3 human footprints instead nestled in their protruding rib cages.\cb1 \
\cb3 they live the familiar cycle of\cb1 \
\cb3 forage feed fall fear\cb1 \
\cb3 but never fantasize\cb1 \
\cb3 for hope is a black hole\cb1 \
\cb3 and they can\'92t get sucked in.\cb1 \
\cb3 i carry them in their disorientedness,\cb1 \
\cb3 endlessly searching without knowing what to find.\cb1 \
\cb3 /\cb1 \
\cb3 still the sun shines on my people,\cb1 \
\cb3 so much that they thank gods for a cool eighty degree day.\cb1 \
\cb3 skin and sweat are like bread and butter,\cb1 \
\cb3 the a/c a rare garnish for the rich.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 but the sun, it illuminates the nature of\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 my people, my pride\cb1 \
\cb3 its light is a bright beacon\cb1 \
\cb3 and i follow it.\cb1 \
\cb3 their heartbeats synchronize with my own\cb1 \
\cb3 thrumming together though miles apart\cb1 \
\cb3 and i carry it\cb1 \
\cb3 for it\'92s home.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \
}